hi there today is December 31st 2007
today I'm taking a quick look at the
lenovo t61 core 2 duo laptop this laptop
in particular is rated at two gigahertz
it has two gigs of ram and I just wanted
to take you on a tour on the external
dimensions it's about 14 inches across
here then a 10 inches and about one and
a half inches tall here while we're on
this side let me go over the ports we
have the right side USB port and we have
a DVD CD drive here in the front we have
the laptop screen release latch we have
a microphone jack and a headset jack we
also have a on/off wireless radio switch
and interesting enough a FireWire port
something which is showing up on more
and more pc laptops so this used to be a
mac only feature but more and more
laptops common laptops seem to be
including this port now this is for
importing video it's a 4-pin firewire
port on this side we have the Express
card slot and standard pcmcia slot with
a two USB port Ethernet a phone jack and
the standard vga to hook up to another
monitor um in the back here we have
vents to blow out the CPU the heat at
the CPU generates and we have the power
port and we opted to get the extended 99
cell battery which lasts about five
hours or so and if you notice right here
I'm not sure if you can
see it but you'll see that it has a
security slot here okay again um that's
the quick look at the lenovo t61 core 2
duo laptop